[CIAPP] Update GitLab instructions (#11117)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_pipelines/gitlab.md

[1]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#use-custom-settings-for-a-group-or-project-integration
[2]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#manage-group-level-default-settings-for-a-project-integration
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "GitLab &gt;&equals; 14.1" %}}

Configure the integration on a [project][1] or [group][2] by going to **Settings > Integrations > Datadog** for each project or group you want to instrument.

You can also activate the integration at the GitLab [instance][3] level, by going to **Admin > Settings > Integrations > Datadog**.

[1]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#use-custom-settings-for-a-group-or-project-integration
[2]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#manage-group-level-default-settings-for-a-project-integration
[3]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#manage-instance-level-default-settings-for-a-project-integration
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "GitLab &lt; 14.1" %}}

> You need to enable the `datadog_ci_integration` [feature flag][1] to activate the integration. Run the following commands, which use GitLab's [Rails Runner][2], depending on your installation type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the `datadog_ci_integration` [feature flag][1] to activate the integration. Run one of the following commands, which use GitLab's [Rails Runner][2], depending on your installation type:
```

> * For Omnibus installations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Omnibus installations**
```

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
sudo gitlab-rails runner "Feature.enable(:datadog_ci_integration)"
{{< /code-block >}}

> * For installations from source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**From source installations**
```

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
sudo -u git -H bundle exec rails runner \
  -e production \
  "Feature.enable(:datadog_ci_integration)"
{{< /code-block >}}

> * For Kubernetes installations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Kubernetes installations**
```

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
kubectl exec -it <task-runner-pod-name> -- \
  /srv/gitlab/bin/rails runner "Feature.enable(:datadog_ci_integration)"
{{< /code-block >}}

Then, configure the integration on a [project][3] by going to **Settings > Integrations > Datadog** for each project you want to instrument.

<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Due to a <a href="https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/335218">bug</a> in early versions of GitLab, the Datadog integration cannot be enabled at <strong>group or instance</strong> level on <strong>GitLab versions < 14.1</strong>, even if the option is available on GitLab's UI</div>

[1]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/feature_flags.html
[2]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/operations/rails_console.html#using-the-rails-runner
[3]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#use-custom-settings-for-a-group-or-project-integration
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

Fill in the integration configuration settings:

**Active**
: Enables the integration.

**Datadog site**

> : Specifies which [Datadog site][1] to send data to. Only `datadoghq.com` is currently supported.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Specifies which [Datadog site][1] to send data to. Only `datadoghq.com` is supported.<br/>
```

## Integrating through webhooks

As an alternative to using the native Datadog integration, you can use [webhooks][3] to send pipeline data to Datadog.

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: The native Datadog integration is the recommended approach and the one that is actively under development</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: The native Datadog integration is the recommended approach and the option that is actively under development.</div>
```

Go to **Settings > Webhooks** in your repository (or GitLab instance settings), and add a new webhook:

> * **URL**: `https://webhooks-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/v1/input/<API_KEY>` where `<API_KEY>` is one generated [here][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **URL**: `https://webhooks-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/v1/input/<API_KEY>` where `<API_KEY>` is [your Datadog API key][2].
```

* **Secret Token**: leave blank
* **Trigger**: Select `Job events` and `Pipeline events`.

To set custom `env` or `service` parameters, use query parameters in the webhooks URL: `?env=<YOUR_ENV>&service=<YOUR_SERVICE_NAME>`

## Visualize pipeline data in Datadog

> After the integration is successfully configured, both [Pipelines][4] and [Pipeline Executions][5] pages will start populating with data after pipelines finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the integration is successfully configured, the [Pipelines][4] and [Pipeline Executions][5] pages populate with data after the pipelines finish.
```
